https: use CURL instead of raw hand made http (#3036)
Vita3K/Vita3K: external/CMakeLists.txt

		message(FATAL_ERROR "Cannot locate OpenSSL directory\nPlease run: brew install openssl")
	endif()
endif()

find_package(CURL QUIET)
if(NOT CURL_FOUND)

> 	message("System curl not found, compiling curl from source")
> 	include(FetchContent)
> 	FetchContent_Declare(curl
> 		URL https://github.com/curl/curl/releases/download/curl-8_1_2/curl-8.1.2.tar.xz
> 	)
> 	FetchContent_MakeAvailable(curl)
> 	target_link_libraries(libcurl INTERFACE curl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	message("System curl not found, compiling curl from source")
	option(HTTP_ONLY "disables all protocols except HTTP (This overrides all CURL_DISABLE_* options)" ON)
	include(FetchContent)
	FetchContent_Declare(curl
		URL https://github.com/curl/curl/releases/download/curl-8_1_2/curl-8.1.2.tar.xz
	)
	FetchContent_MakeAvailable(curl)
```

We got no need for other protocols (IMAP, LDAP...)
Also the curl CMake defines libcurl and not curl.

Reviewer: Also put the curl code after the openssl one in this file.

Reviewer: Also it's better to use the git module as it won't update the file timestamps every time cmake is run.
